Provide C# WinForms app with Remarks, Classes, Inheritance, Abstraction, Polymorphism, Interface, Error Handling and useage of Panels for UI.

"Students" array:
id - of the student; unique.
username - unique.
password - of the corresponding username.
name - of the student.
birth date - Date.
age - calculated from birth date.
cellular number - of the student.
email - of the student.
picture - of the student.
major of studies - related to "Major of studies" array.
apprenticeship - of the major of studies.
courses taken - an array from the closed list defined at courses array at "Major of studies" array.
current credit points - the sum of credit points from courses taken.
total credit points - the sum of the credit points of all courses related to the "Major of studies" array.

"Major of studies" array:
name - of the major of studies.
courses - an array of 15 elements consist of course name and credit points.

"Notifications" array:
username of sender
username of receiver
notification
timestamp
starred

"Login" form:
fields: username, password.
buttons: 
Login - 
checks that fileds are not empty with relevant message.
checks that username and password match against "Students" array  with relevant message.
Cancel - clears the fileds content.
link:
new user? - links to "Create new user" form.

"Create new user" form:
fields: Id, username, password, confirm password.
buttons:
Create - 
checks that fileds are not empty with relevant message with relevant message.
checks that username do not match any existing "Students" array username with relevant message.
checks that id do not match any existing "Students" array id with relevant message.
checks that password equals confirm password with relevant message.
On all checks OK, adds the username, password and id into "Students" array and set points with a random number.
Cancel - returns back to "Login" form.

"Information of logged student" form:
button:
logout - returns back to "Login" form.
personal information tab: the information from "Students" array: username, name, picture, last notification.
courses tab: a list of all courses matches major of studies, credit points, indication if taken.
notifications tab: present all notifications: sender, notification, timestamp, starred. can sort by timestamp or by starred first.
serach student tab:
can search by by id or by name (also by partial data).
present a list of students match search criteria - name, email, major of studies, apprenticeship.
place next to each found student a button to send notification - save date into "Notifications" array with entered notification and starred indication.
settings tab:
reflected on all UI objects.
background color of forms - default white. a pallete to choose.
font size - default 12. up and down arrows.